## Starter Pack 2

1- A nice Cryptographically Secure key maker. Generates a detailed report to prove it, too! 

2- Absurdly simple xor encryption. Why? Because 99 percent of AES apps are silly and absurdly flawed, that's why. To test if AES actually works properly, you encrypt a file, then encrypt it again. Then decrypt it, then decrypt it again. IF the original file shows up and is not encrypted, guess what? That is NOT how the AES algo is supposed to work, and the app you are using is NOT AES encryption. Literally, 99 percent of all AES apps that i have tested have this distinct flaw which indicates that it is not proper AES encryption at all- it is a half assed encryption app sold as true AES encryption. NOTE-- MANY APPS know this but are unable to implement true AES encryption so they try to mask it by making the encrypted output go to another file. That can still be double encrypted and then double decrypted but its a tiny bit more complicated to do right and involves manually handling file names. The result is the same tho. IF double encrypted files that are then double decrypted show the original file, it is NOT the true AES algo, and that is an objective and verifiable fact. XOR encryption can be very vulnerable to many types of attacks- yet when used right (as the OTP method) it is the only theoretically unbreakable encryption method known. AES is awesome, but a mega super duper computer is for sure capable of cracking it in time. The OTP method, when used right, is theoretically unbreakable even by unlimites super duper computers given any amount of time. All the complicated crypto algos have many ways to fail or trick the app user into thinking the complicated algo is being used when it is not being used. 
